Feature/create a section on guide to find the crashed sc 3596 (#255)
meteor/galaxy-docs: source/apm-data.md

---
title: How to view stopped and crashed containers using Meteor APM
order: 67
description: Learn how to use Meteor APM to view the logs of stopped and crashed containers
---

> <h2 id="apm-data">How to see crashed/stopped containers metrics</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h2 id="apm-data">How to view metrics for crashed/stopped containers</h2>
```

Viewing stopped and crashed containers can be helpful for troubleshooting problems with your applications. For example, if you are seeing errors in your application logs, you can view the logs of stopped and crashed containers to get more information about the cause of the errors.

To find the crashed or stopped containers on Galaxy, go to the Logs tab in your app:
![Alt text](image-1.png)

> Add crashed or stopped to filter and find the container ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for crashed or stopped to filter the results and find the container ID:
```

![Alt text](image-2.png)

> Click on the container id to see the container logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the container ID to view its logs. Then, click "View on APM" to see Meteor APM metrics.
```

![Alt text](image-3.png)

> Open Meteor APM and filter your hosts with the desired container id:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Meteor APM and filter your hosts (containers) with the desired container ID:
```

![Alt text](image-4.png)

> Once you have identified the stopped or crashed container in Galaxy, you can use Meteor APM to view the container logs and troubleshoot the issue.

Reviewer: Maybe we could add that the Meteor APM is only available on Professional plans @anddreluis2
